hello everyone I am my faxes and I
I bring another good farmer video more
that we were forming I am going to tell you a way
that at least also works and that
calculated and such formulas and I think it comes out
profitable
So far it has cost-effective me
it is a recipe in the forge
mystic well
I've seen the title we want to take
lots of crystalline powder dt 6
we need to make this formula
in the forge we give you 5 crystals
to see 5 crystals
5 philosophical stones 250 london
Incandescent powder of tier 5 and 1
crystal and 936 ok I'm going to put one
formula of the screen for you to see
because it has cost us first I'm going to
telling us what it cost us has
cost to me at least because to me
personally it has cost me 370 31 70
buy less 150 heaps of dust
incandescent in 10 5
the price is usually of the pile of
dust I comment now between 140 and 160
silvers 140 and 160 silvers worth
also in adding the pile of dust
crystalline that tend to be around 25
the 25 ergo plants has cost me already
I say 7 24 hours or so almost four
hours has cost me exactly 43 95
silvers
3 about 95 well
knowing what it cost us I'm going to
leave another formula here
here you can find out how much
you need to
that you get profitable when you have to
come out in quotes to make it
profitable
in the forge
ok yes i said i already say
in the forge you can leave from 10 to 40
lots of crystalline dust
that's a total of 30 figures 40 minus 30
30 figures 30 quantities of piles that
you can leave
knowing with the formula that has been given
before what has to come out so that
come out profitable we can calculate with another
formula that I put you right now
the probability of it coming out profitable
this is that for example in this case I
I bought it for an X money
to 148 concretely the bunch of
you returned it has not cost me almost 4 golds
and I need to amortize the 16
lots of crystalline powder for
amortize what I have invested worth
so that
16 covers 6 of the numbers that you can
get out of the amounts that can you
go out in the forge
six of the 30 numbers is 20%
is just over 20 percent of
chances that you leave no
profitable and more than about 70
70 and 70 between 80 percent
or less about 80 percent of
odds that you'll be profitable
good if you believe us here ahead
right now I'm going to do a couple of
attempts in the forge so that you see the
result
here you have 22 heaps of dust
crystalline has come out quite
profitable really is another attempt
expect that you will need to give nothing
it's worth so much try 17 heaps of
crystalline powder as you can see the 22
17 are two quantities that are by
on top of being in that 80% of
possibilities that behind you
fall
yes it is true that you may have had
bad luck and having taken two in the
that are in that 20% yes it is true but
in this case you have already been lucky
luck are probabilities I have already done
I 'm telling you
and in this way I got out at 22 and
how much 22 and 15 do not 22 and 17
to a total of
in the wing of 39 heaps of dust
crystalline or the same before
that about 25 silvers are about 9
with 75
oros have gotten two attempts
spent eight golds and I've taken nine and
there the thing
keep in mind that they are nine euros
net 975 net if you want to do business
with this the priority is greater you have
Keep in mind apart from everything
that I told you before, you have to have
account that there is 15 percent of
taxes when you sell it
what makes you out less than
probably not 16 in my case in
this case 16 17 18 and that you get out
I recommend I take this out not to sell
but to make you the legendary or what
you want to do it and not to leave a little
cheaper than comparing it clear good
and here the video if you have any
I doubt you probably have it because
I do not explain myself too well
I tried to make everything as clear as possible
possible but good if you have any doubt
can you put me in comments what
I answer even in game I am my rates
separate m & r space glasses goals in
a comment or even a message
private here on YouTube from the channel
youtube and I'll explain more
in detail how the thing works
Well, greetings and luck no longer with
the farmer but with the attempts a
greeting